doc: Include example for new `mongodbatlas_encryption_at_rest_private_endpoint` resource (#2540)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: examples/mongodbatlas_encryption_at_rest_private_endpoint/azure/README.md

# MongoDB Atlas Provider -- Encryption At Rest using Customer Key Management via Private Network Interfaces (Azure)

> This example shows how to configure encryption at rest using an Azure ensuring all API calls to their KMS instances travel exclusively over their KMS cloud provider’s private network infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to configure encryption at rest using Azure with customer managed keys ensuring all communication with Azure Key Vault happens exclusively over Azure Private Link.
```

Reviewer: adding @Zuhairahmed in case he has any inputs.

Author: Thanks for suggestion, reads much more clear

## Dependencies

* Terraform MongoDB Atlas Provider v1.19.0 minimum
* A MongoDB Atlas account 

> * * Terraform Azure `azapi` provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Terraform Azure `azapi` provider
```

Reviewer: typo?

- `azure_client_secret`: Secret associated to the Azure application
- `azure_tenant_id`: Azure ID  that identifies the Azure Active Directory tenant within your Azure subscription
- `azure_resource_group_name`: Name of the Azure resource group that contains your Azure Key Vault
- `azure_key_vault_name`: Unique string that identifies the Azure Key Vault that contains your key
- `azure_key_identifier`: Web address with a unique key that identifies for your Azure Key Vault
- `azure_region_name`: Region in which the Encryption At Rest private endpoint is located

NOTE: The Azure application (associated to `azure_client_id`) must have at least a Key Vault Contributor role assigned in the corresponding Key Vault.

**2\. Review the Terraform plan.**

Execute the following command and ensure you are happy with the plan.

``` bash
$ terraform plan
```
This project currently supports the following deployments:

- Configure encryption at rest in an existing project using a custom Azure Key. Specifies that private networking is required.
- Create a private endpoint for the existing project under a certain Azure region. 

> - Approve the connection from the Azure Key Vault. This is being done through terraform, but alternatively the private connection can be approved through the Azure UI or CLI.

Reviewer: should we add the CLI command here? like generic:
`az keyvault private-endpoint-connection approve --approval-description {"OPTIONAL DESCRIPTION"} --resource-group {RG} --vault-name {KEY VAULT NAME} –name {PRIVATE LINK CONNECTION NAME}`
